Assess docs (#98)
codatio/codat-docs: docs/assess/categories/api-categorization-of-accounts.md

# Update categories for a company

> The categories for all or a batch of accounts in a specific connection can be updated in Swagger under Assess.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The categories for all or a batch of accounts in a specific connection can be updated in the  Assess API reference.
```
